XCEED SOFTWARE INC.

COMMUNITY LICENSE AGREEMENT
FLUENT ASSERTIONS
(for Non-Commercial Use)

GENERAL

This Community License Agreement (the "Agreement") is a legal agreement between
you ("Licensee") and Xceed Software Inc. ("Xceed"), whereby Licensee wishes to
use Fluent Assertions (the "Software"), an Xceed product, for Non-Commercial Use
purposes. Xceed agrees to license its software to developers as long as all terms
& conditions set forth herein are respected. The Software is provided under a
license; it is not sold in any manner. By installing, copying or otherwise using
the Software, you confirm your agreement to the terms and conditions expressed in
this Agreement. If you do not agree, you are not authorized to use the Software.

DEFINITION OF NON-COMMERCIAL USE

For the purposes of this Agreement, Non-Commercial Use refers to any use of the
Software where the primary objective is not to gain commercial advantage or
monetary compensation or any other type of compensation or consideration. This
includes, but is not limited to, the following:

  - The Software is used in developing or testing open-source software or
    open-source projects.
  - The Software is used for developing or testing personal or experimental
    projects.
  - The Software is not being used by or for an organisation, group of persons,
    legal entity, or company, that charges fees or earns revenues with or without
    the intention to make profit.
  - The resulting work created or tested using the Software is not sold, leased,
    or sublicensed.

Any use outside of these parameters requires a paid Commercial License from
Xceed.

LICENSE GRANT

Subject to compliance with the conditions set out below, Xceed grants to Licensee
a non-exclusive and perpetual right (unless/until revoked by Xceed at its sole
discretion) to install and use the Software for designing, building, testing an
application, system or program for Non-Commercial Use only, as defined above.

The license granted under this Agreement is conditional on Licensee complying at
all times with the following conditions:

  - All of the Agreement's terms & conditions are strictly complied with by the
    Licensee.
  - The Software is used for Non-Commercial Use only.
  - The Software cannot be resold, licensed, sublicensed or distributed by
    Licensee in any manner other than as specified above.
  - Licensee does not create or contribute to a competitive software product
    based on the Software.

WARRANTY

Xceed clearly states that this Community License includes no warranty of any
type. Xceed software is provided on an "as is" basis.

(C) Copyright. Xceed Software Inc. - 2025. All rights reserved.

---

This license applies to the following packages used in this project:
  - FluentAssertions (v8.x+)

Source: https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions
